=head1 NAME

nopaste - command-line interface to pastebin.com

=head1 SYNOPSIS

S<nopaste [options] [file]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Nopaste is a command-line tool for L<http://pastebin.com>. 
Like most UNIX utilities, it can take stdin or files on the command-line.
Additionally nopaste can use the X cut buffer for input, designed to be used
with a window-manager key binding or panel launcher. 

The resulting URLs are printed to stdout and also placed in the X cut buffer for
middle-click pasting.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--diff>

Return diff URL (with --parent or multiple files)

=item B<--download>

Return download URL

=item B<-e --expire> I<WHEN>

Set expiry day/month/forever, defaults to forever.

=item B<--help>

Show usage help

=item B<--help-lang>

Show list of languages understood by L<http://pastebin.com>

=item B<-l --language> I<LANG>

Set language, defaults to text. Note this is the internal form value. Use
B<--help-lang> to see the list of possibilities.

=item B<-n --nick> I<USER>

Set nick (honors C<$PASTEBIN_USER>, falls back to C<$USER>)

=item B<-p --parent> I<PID>

Set parent paste id, for diffs. If multiple files are specified on the
command-line, the parent paste id is set automatically to create a chain of
diffs.

=item B<--private> I<STR>

Use a private pastebin

=item B<-x --xcut>

Paste from X selection (requires xclip or xcut)

=item B<--version>

Show version info

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over

=item B<PASTEBIN_URL>

Override default L<http://pastebin.com/pastebin.php>. Probably unwise.

=item B<PASTEBIN_USER>

Set default nick. It's probably unnecessary to set this since nopaste will
default to C<$USER>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Nopaste was written by Aron Griffis L<mailto:agriffis@n01se.net>. 
It lives at L<http://agriffis.n01se.net/nopaste/>.
